Partial method enhancement (#462)
beeware/rubicon-objc: changes/148.feature.rst

> Objective-C methods with multiple identical argument names can now be called using the "__" keyword and any suffix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Objective-C methods with repeated argument names can now be called by using a "__" suffix in the keyword argument keyword to disambiguate the Python keyword arguments.
```
